V1alpha2 doc 15155 (#15169)
kyma-project/kyma: docs/05-technical-reference/00-custom-resources/svls-02-gitrepository.md

title: Git Repository
---

> >**WARNING:** Current **apiVersion** is `serverless.kyma-project.io/v1alpha2`. Version `serverless.kyma-project.io/v1alpha1` is still supported but depreciated - for documentation see [GitRepository for version 2.5](../../../2.5/05-technical-reference/00-custom-resources/svls-02-gitrepository.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>**WARNING:** The current API version is `serverless.kyma-project.io/v1alpha2`. The `serverless.kyma-project.io/v1alpha1` version is still supported but deprecated - For the v1alpha1 version, see the [previous GitRepository documentation](https://github.com/kyma-project/kyma/blob/release-2.5/docs/05-technical-reference/00-custom-resources/svls-02-gitrepository.md)
```

> The `gitrepositories.serverless.kyma-project.io` CustomResourceDefinition (CRD) was removed and definitions was moved to the `functions.serverless.kyma-project.io` CRD - see [Function](../00-custom-resources/svls-01-function.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `gitrepositories.serverless.kyma-project.io` CustomResourceDefinition (CRD) was removed and definitions were moved to the `functions.serverless.kyma-project.io` CRD. For more information, see [Function](../00-custom-resources/svls-01-function.md)
```

> The `gitrepositories.serverless.kyma-project.io` CustomResourceDefinition (CRD) was removed and definitions were moved to the `functions.serverless.kyma-project.io` CRD. For more information, see [Function](../00-custom-resources/svls-01-function.md)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `gitrepositories.serverless.kyma-project.io` CustomResourceDefinition (CRD) was deprecated and definitions were moved to the `functions.serverless.kyma-project.io` in version `v1alpha2` CRD. For more information, see [Function](../00-custom-resources/svls-01-function.md)
```

> The `gitrepositories.serverless.kyma-project.io` CustomResourceDefinition (CRD) was deprecated and definitions were moved to the `functions.serverless.kyma-project.io` in version `v1alpha2` CRD. For more information, see [Function](../00-custom-resources/svls-01-function.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `gitrepositories.serverless.kyma-project.io` CustomResourceDefinition (CRD) was deprecated and definitions were moved to the `functions.serverless.kyma-project.io` CRD in version `v1alpha2`. For more information, see [Function](../00-custom-resources/svls-01-function.md)
```
